docs(Storybook): more detailed doc for using our Storybook (#1809)
IBM/carbon-components-react: README.md

### List of Available Components

View available React Components [here](http://react.carbondesignsystem.com). You can see usage information in several ways:

1. Clicking the blue **Show Info** icon in the top right corner of the selected component. You can see the list of available React props

> 2. Clicking **STORY** tab at the bottom. You can see some example code there

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Clicking the **STORY** tab at the bottom. This tab contains the code that shows how the component is being used
```

> 3. Clicking **KNOBS** tab at the bottom and changing values there. Most knobs are shown as something like `Button kind (kind)`, where `kind` is the name of React prop

Reviewer: Maybe include `the` before the `**____** tab` lines just to help with how the sentence flows?
